2. markdown  
3. no  
4. yes  
5. it stores all git files
6. change directory
7. formatted listing within hidden files
8. present directory
9.  working directory: when user modifies a file but the file changes are not tracked
 staging area: commits it permanently to the repository
.git repository: the files are now permanent
10. records changes to a file
11. a. Each person has a copy of the central database on their local storage device
b. Every copy is a full backup of the project
c. Each team member has the most recent copy of the project
d. If the server fails the team members still have a copy of the project on their device.
e. It is the most popular so many people will know how to use it
f. It saves project history
12. distributed, centralized, local
13. git is where projects are stored and GitHub is where collaborators can view the projects.
14. git status: lists all new or  modified files to be committed
15. git push --all: uploads all local branch to commit to github
16. git pull: downloads bookmark history and incorporates changes
17. markdown: styles text on the web
18. you use **
19. you use *
20. git commit --all
21. . Means you go back to your previous file and. And .. means you go back two previous files.

Creating git project:
3. pwd
/c/Users/laika
4.mkdir testdir
5.cd testdir
6. No, because it has not been in the git working directory. The ls -a lists all files.
7. To make it a git project you do git init
8. vim is a text editing environment. It allows us to edit files. You save the contents by hitting escape and then pressing ":" and wq.  
9. I see the text I put in the file when I used vim. 
cat README.md
This is a README.md file for the test git project of quiz1
10. git status. fatal: not a git repository (or any of the parent directories): .git
11. git init. "Initialized empty Git repository in C:/Users/laika/testdir/.git/". git add --all. "warning: in the working copy of 'README.md', LF will be replaced by CRLF the net time Git touches it".
12.
git status
On branch master
No commits yet
Changes to be committed:
  (use "git rm --cached <file>..." to unstage)
        new file:   README.me
13. I changed my directory back to my home directory and deleted the testdir file. -rf deletes a file.




